RHDEVDOCS-4281: Adding content for enabling or disabling Developer ca… (#52218)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc_customizing-a-developer-catalog-or-its-sub-catalogs-using-the-form-view.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * web_console/customizing-the-web-console.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="odc_customizing-a-developer-catalog-or-its-sub-catalogs-using-the-form-view_{context}"]
= Customizing a Developer catalog or it's sub-catalogs using the form view

.Prerequisites

* You must have administrator privileges.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective, navigate to *Administration* -> *Cluster Settings*.
. Select the *Configuration* tab and click the *Console (operator.openshift.io)* resource.
. Click *Actions* -> *Customize*.
. In the *Developer catalog* section, select the developer catalog type.

+

> After you have customized the developer catalog, your changes are automatically saved in the system and will take effect in the browser after a few seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have customized the developer catalog, your changes are automatically saved in the system and will take effect in the browser after a refresh.
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * web_console/customizing-the-web-console.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="odc_customizing-a-developer-catalog-or-its-sub-catalogs-using-the-form-view_{context}"]

> = Customizing a Developer catalog or it's sub-catalogs using the form view

Author: Fixed.

> You can use a similar procedure to customize the following UI items:

Reviewer 2: Do all UI customization options fall under the topic of developer catalog customization? If not, they should have their own module elsewhere in the documentation, and this module should only contain a link to it.

> You can use a similar procedure to customize the following UI items:

Author: Yes, these options are available on the same page in the Web UI.

> You can use a similar procedure to customize the following UI items:

Author: Hey, I have added it as an admonition at the end of the module as per your suggestion. Still a bit confused about what you meant by the first part of the sentence. Could you please provide me a bit more clarity?

> You can use a similar procedure to customize the following UI items:

Reviewer 2: I assumed there's a separate module about UI customization that you could link to. If there isn't any, it's fine.

* You must have administrator privileges.

> [NOTE]

Author: @debsmita1 @sanketpathak @jerolimov - Guys I have added this little note after discussing it with my colleague @shipsing to provide more completeness to this procedure. We felt that adding this note in my procedure would ensure that the user is aware that a similar type of procedure works for adding quick starts, cluster roles, and pages in the Web Console. This would ensure that we don't miss anything with respect to content completeness. 

Kindly have a quick look at this minor addition and let me know your feedback, if any.

@Cbremble and @TanyaShearonRH - Tagging you guys here for reference.

Reviewer 3: @Dhruv-Soni11, Please see my suggestions:
* Please add this note in the beginning of the .procedure section, not in the prerequistes section
* Please rephrase the note like: You can use a similar procedure to customize the following UI items:
** Quick starts visible to users
** Cluster roles accessible to a project
** Actions visible on the +Add page
* Suggest to make the last step generic: In the respective setting, enable or disable the options in the list, as needed.

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer 4: Looks good to me

> ** Quick starts visible to users

Author: Fixed.

> ** Quick starts visible to users

Reviewer 2: This should be a level 1 unordered list marked with `*`, what you currently have is a level 2 list: `**`.

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

> * You must have administrator privileges.

Reviewer 2: I also need access to whatever platform I can perform these actions on, correct?

Author: By platform you mean?

Author: Need more context here @deerskindoll.

Author: Fixed.

> * You must have administrator privileges.

Reviewer 2: What kind of admin privileges are these? Are they bound to a specific platform or a product?

Author: As far as I think they are just basic administrator user privileges. @debsmita1 - could you help me with this query please?

Reviewer 2: The wording is very vague. This is how our documentation handles similar prerequisites: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_dev_spaces/3.2/html/administration_guide/installing-devspaces#installing-devspaces-on-openshift-using-the-cli-management-tool

Author: I am only reusing stuff from our content @deerskindoll. Kindly see the following link:

https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/web_console/web-console.html#enable-multi-cluster-console_web-console

If you still feel it is vague, I will change it in my content to the format you suggested in the link as follows:

An Open Shift web console session by a cluster administrator.

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

> . In the *Administrator* perspective, navigate to *Administration* -> *Cluster Settings*.

Reviewer 2: Where can I find this perspective?

Author: This is displayed by default on the Web UI. You can select either this or Developer as per my knowledge.

Reviewer 2: Got it! thanks

. Select the *Configuration* tab and click the *Console (operator.openshift.io)* resource.
. Click *Actions* -> *Customize*.
. In the respective section, enable or disable the items in the list.

> +

Reviewer 2: Can this be transformed either into a verification step or an admonition?

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * web_console/customizing-the-web-console.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="odc_customizing-a-developer-catalog-or-its-sub-catalogs-using-the-form-view_{context}"]
= Customizing a Developer catalog or its sub-catalogs using the form view

You can customize a developer catalog by using the form view in the Web Console.

.Prerequisites

> * An OpenShift web console session by a cluster administrator.

Reviewer 5: Required: It sounds like there is a word missing here - maybe:

An OpenShift web console session created by a cluster administrator.
An OpenShift web console session with cluster administrator privileges.

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective, navigate to *Administration* -> *Cluster Settings*.
. Select the *Configuration* tab and click the *Console (operator.openshift.io)* resource.
. Click *Actions* -> *Customize*.

> . In the respective section, enable or disable the items in the list.

Reviewer 5: Suggestion: "In the respective sections" or "In the appropriate section" - respective sounds off in the singular

Author: Nice catch, it does sound singular. Fixed.

+
.Verification
After you have customized the developer catalog, your changes are automatically saved in the system and will take effect in the browser after a refresh.
+
image::odc_customizing_developer_catalog.png[]

[NOTE]
====

> You can use a similar procedure to customize Web UI items such as, Quick starts, Cluster roles, and Actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use a similar procedure to customize Web UI items such as Quick starts, Cluster roles, and Actions.
```

Author: Fixed. Thank you for such a detailed review @deerskindoll. I appreciate the amount of good feedback I have received on this PR. Will help me improve in the future.
